                                  ABBA JIFAR PALACE
Aba Jifar Palace is the most important heritage site in the Oromia Region of Ethiopia. The palace is a beautiful example of traditional Ethiopian architecture
and offers a fascinating glimpse into the history of the region. Located on the outskirts of the city of Jimma built by King Aba Jifar II in the 1880s.
found at 2,000 meters above sea level.

                             Aksum
Aksum symbolizes the wealth, power, and historical significance of the Aksumite Civilization, which once controlled trade routes and ivory commerce. 
Aksum is situated in the highlands of northern Ethiopia, is an archaeological site that holds the remnants of an influential city from ancient times. 
It was the capital of the powerful Aksumite Kingdom, which thrived from the 1st to the 8th centuries AD. Aksum sits at an impressive altitude on
the Tigray Plateau, which is found about 1000km's from the capital Addis Abeba. Aksum's climate is characterized by its highland location 
Therefore, it has cooler temperatures due to the elevation. The ruins of the ancient city of Aksum include monolithic obelisks, giant stelae, royal tombs and 
the ruins of ancient castles. Even, Long after its political decline in the 10th century, Ethiopian emperors continued to be crowned in Aksum.

                             LALIBELA
Lalibela is a town located in the Amhara region of Ethiopia, approximately 700 kilometers north of Addis Ababa. The town is situated at an altitude of around 
2,500 meters above sea level, offering a cool and pleasant climate throughout the year. Lalibela is known for its unique rock-hewn churches, 
which are UNESCO World Heritage sites. 

                            Harar jugol 
Located in the eastern part of the country on a hilltop at the height of 1885m, the fortified historic town of Harar Jugol is the capital city of 
the administrative region of Harari. Harar Jugol is located approximately 525 kilometers (326 miles) east of Addis Ababa, the capital city of Ethiopia. 
Harar Jugol is situated at an altitude of around 1,885 meters (6,184 feet) above sea level. Some endemic species in harar jugol are the Ethiopian wolf, 
the Walia ibex, and various birds.  

                     Konso Cultural Landscape 
The konso cultural landscape is found in southern nations, nationalities,and peoples region of Ethiopia. which is found approximately 550 kilometers away from 
Addis Ababa . It is renowned for it's terraced farming practices intricate stone walls and unique communal land management system. it is designated as 
world heritage in 2011 by UNESCO. The area follows a tropical highland climate pattern of weather.