                                  
                                   Bale Mountains National Park

Bale Mountains National Park is located in southeastern Ethiopia, 400 km southeast of Addis Ababa and 150 km east of Shashamene
in the Oromia Region National State. The national park contains a spectacularly diverse landscape. The high-altitude, 
afro-montane Sanetti Plateau rises to over 4,000m and includes the highest peak in the southern Ethiopian highlands. 
Bale Mountains National Park experiences a mild, wet climate.
    
                                   Simien mountains National park 

Simien mountains National park is found Northern Ethiopia Amhara region.about 425 kilometers from Addis Ababa , the park experiences 
a temperate climate with cool temperature due to it's high elevation which is 1900-4430 meters above sea levels. 
the park is known for it's stunning landscape including deep valleys, rugged mountains and unique wildlife.

                                 
                                GAMBELLA NATIONAL PARK.   
Gambella National Park is located in the Gambella Region of southwestern Ethiopia, about 770 kilometers from Addis Ababa. 
It has a tropical monsoon climate with high temperatures and heavy rainfall during the wet season. The park's diverse landscape includes 
grasslands, wetlands, and riverine forests at altitudes ranging from 400 to 700 meters. 

                                   Awash National Park
This national park is located at the border of Oromia state and Afar state, It covers area 827 square Kilometers. It lies at an altitude of
2007 meters above sea level. This park is 225KM east of Addis Ababa(and a few Kilometers west of Awash and east of Meteher). 
The park is best known for its diversity and rural landscapes.

                                    ABIJATTA-SHALLA national park
This national park is located in the Oromia Region and the Ethiopian Highlands region,200KM south of Addis Ababa, and east of 
the Batu-Shashamane highway. The altitude of the park ranges from 1540 to 2075 meters. The park is home to 300 species of birds 
that are listed as endemics,residents and migratory.